# Assignment-2

Ryuu in The Castle of Chiyoko 

Game Mechanics - I want my character to wave her magical staff around to attack a enemy with mouse click. My character is going to move left and right and be able to double jump. When you right click the mouse you will be able to attack with a magical staff. I want my game to be basic starting out. To be able to attack characters with her weapon. Such as magic spells to defeat new enimies, the power of levitation that only lasts for a little bit.
I want to add a lot of programming to my game so my characters can move around and be unique. My game is going to be a first person point of view and my character is going to go around the dugeons to try and unlock secret weapons and defeat enimies.

Game Lore - I want my game to stand out by Ryuu being able to collect power ups and other in game items to strengthen her magical abilities with computer programming. Writing scripts to allow Ryuu to collect power ups and new magical abilities.  I want my character to try and find mushrooms and viles of potion to use as health points. These health potions will replenish her strength so she doesnt run out of health points. I want there to be spell books you can find and have to type in the game to use. I want to be able to control how fast she moves around with scripting and how high she can jump. To be able to control her attack moves how she swings her staff to fire attacks. There will be 3 different magic spells you pick up in the game that will give you the ability to defeat the final boss each one in a different level. You have to search for these and it will look like a page from a book you have to pick up. You have to unlock puzzels to get these.

Game Play - There will be three levels in my game. The first level Ryuu has to manuvuer around the castle and solve a puzzel to get to the next level. In the second level of my game there will be an army of skeltons she has to defeat in order to move forward in the game. The third level in the game she has to defeat the boss of the game.  I want my character to go around and collect bags of money to be able to buy stuff at an in game store that im going build. To be able to buy new weapons and extra life points and rare items. I want to create an open field for my level and then a castle you have to enter through to progress further into the game. I want my character to have to jump over objects and land on switches to activate doors opening and new pathways for my game.

Main Character Ryuu - Ryuu she is the main character of my game and she is going to be walking around with her magical staff attacking monsters I want my game to be a character who walks around and collects power ups to add power to her staff. So you have different powers to shoot ice or create fire blasts to destory the enimies with out of her magical staff. I want my character to have extra weapons such as smaller swords, bottles of magic to throw on the ground you can control by rolling your mouse clicker up.

Other Characters - There will be a character named Bloodeith who Ryuu finds in the first level of the game Blooderith gives a magical spell to Ryuu and also gives a hint to where to go to in the game. 

Chiyoko - is the final boss of the game 

Enemies - I want my enimies to be bats, skeltons, lava, traps for the fist level. For the second level to be 2 vampires and the enimies from the first level. For the third and final level I want my enemy to be a giant soul eater who has the appernce of a ghost who is harder to attack then any of the other enimies. 

First Level - The first level is going to start outside with Ryuu traveling outside the castle. She first has to get through a forest to get to the castle and then she will come across a swamp maze with lots of alligators and sea creatures that she has to get through without falling in the posien swamp. She has to hop on little platforms in the middle of the swamp to not fall in and she can also swing on vines to get across the swamp. There will be skeltons out there throwing knives and trying to attack her trying to lead her into the deadly swamp trap. Ryuu has to find the castle first in order to advance to the next levels. There will be bats, hellhounds, vampires, ghosts, fire. Moving floors that you can fall into and die. Skeltons that will attack you with swords and can fire knives at you. 

Second Level - the second level of my game she will be entering the castle only to figure out there is an army of the undead waiting for her inside the castle. When she first gets to the castle she has to find a switch to open the drawbridge. To get inside the castle. But when she flips the switch a horde of enimies will come out attacking from the drawbridge. This level will start when she first enters the castle. There will be mutiple doors she has to go through to get to the final third stage but before she can do that she has to defeat all the enimies in the second level to advance. Finding each enimie hidden in the castle. As she progresses further into the castle the puzzels to unlock doors and the collasping floors will get harder and harder. There will be lava pits and collasping floors, stone puzzels and riddels she has to solve in order to advance. Until she reaches the third level. The final boss fight.
 
Third level - The third level is all the way at the top of the castle. After she climbs up the five flights of stairs Ryuu has to enter through a room with two doors. One door goes to the final boss room and the other door is a room full of vampires. If you go through the room with the vampires you will have to fight a miniboss vampire and his demon minunions. However if you go through the correct door you will enter the boss chamber and can skip the miniboss fight. With the final boss fight you have to use three magic spells you collect when you play the game. The first spell you get will holy fire. You can control fire out of your hands and use it to burn the final bosses outer metal shell and you can also use these new spells throughout the levels. The second magic spell you get will be the power of crystal light. Which will give you the power to cast a blinding light on enmies to stun them and make them blind. To blind the final boss to weaken its defense and to be allowed to use the final magic spell to defeat it with. The third magic spell is icy breath. This power will allow you to breathe ice from your mouth to freeze enimies with and to freeze the final boss and turn him frozen solid to deliver the final blow. Then once you defeat the final boss all of the monsters will dispear and you will be transported out of the castle and the cthe game will end. 
